the complete and divine questionnaire
Silva Moraes of his mother his vassals
birth cable 23 96
what to discuss this with you and your mother
Why were you keeping your mother company?
negligent resolute make a curve
He was professor of dilma tomorrow.
and why they also threaten more deaths
the former police officer and a bathroom is every day
the city explaining how it was the
action day as it happened game
manchineri put that mess with
You took buses around the corner from
to get where in her service teaching
but that did not have its name and she entered
quietly in the truck you have
composing force no she was not
called to work
she refused to go without telling not only
It will put way in the car and it was
taken to where on the map shot her
Palau who shot my mother only martyr or
be how many times years three
shots and then even later set fire to
like a brazilian
Let's see, may we not?
already for gasoline and 26 in the
Pickup truck and you took the tram on foot.
and midnight of that song and you got
then the murder weapon
the game on the river but in which it does not rise
played on the skin and the
pick up truck let inform
boring working there watching game on
news that cleans the hotel and then
of the champions
I went to my brother-in-law's house where he
is one more that is here passing through the
police
other passages by the police I have
where 15 and contempt for the authorities have
passage through theft also everything is 1 105
757 deal with 151 can not is that
using people who are but is 15